The Sentry MCP server lets your agent
pull live error data from Sentry. So for
this example, I'm using the Empower
Plant repo, which is Sentry's official
demo project. It's a fake ecommerce
plant store with a React front end and
multiple backend options built with real
bugs for testing. To set it up, I'm
pasting in the Sentry JSON config into
Warps MCP panel and hitting save. I'm
going to go ahead and run the app
locally and then visit the website,
which triggers a couple of errors. I'm
going to go into the Sentry dashboard,
click on the type error that I want to
fix, and copy the link to this issue.
Then I'm going to prompt Warp to
diagnose the Sentry error as well as
tell me things like show where it's
coming from in the code and create a
fix. The Sentry MCP server is going to
call get issue details, which pulls the
stack trace from Sentry, and then Warp
is going to scan my codebase. It
actually finds the issue which was
essentially just calling the two
uppercase function on an array and then
even creates a simple code change to fix
it. Without the Sentry MCP server, the
AI wouldn't have been able to access
those authenticated error details, which
means that it would have had less
context and weaker fixes. With this, I
get an exact diagnosis and a working
patch in one